Mesh reconciliation tests support (#1036)
radixdlt/babylon-node: core-rust/mesh-api-server/README.md

| - `/construction/combine`    | Complete                                                              |
| - `/construction/parse`      | Complete (basic operations supported)                                 |
| - `/construction/hash`       | Complete                                                              |
| - `/construction/submit`     | Complete                                                              |

## Additional Considerations

### Accounts

The current implementation has the following constraints:
- **Supports only account components**: Returns block operations or balances exclusively for accounts. Other components (e.g., smart contracts, lockers) are ignored.
- **Supports only Withdraw, Deposit, and FeePayment operations**: Minting and burning are skipped.

These constraints simplify the implementation without causing Mesh CLI tests to fail. If non-account components must be supported, the following may be required:
- Adding support for Minting and Burning operations.
- Providing explicit support for non-account components in balance fetching (or using `dump_component_state()`, which is resource-intensive).

> - Exempting some addresses.

Author: One of the addresses that comes to my mind is `Faucet` component (in case of test networks), which `free`'s some test XRDs.
I think it would be the simplest to exempt it. I didn't want to go much into details in this comment but I can elaborate more here.

> - Exempting some addresses.

Reviewer: But faucet isn't an account address...
And if we properly supported non-account addresses, they'd all reconcile across genesis anyway, so I don't think this is needed? Did you hit some issue which required you adding this?

> - Exempting some addresses.

Author: I was trying to support all addresses (not only accounts) and `Faucet` was one of the components, which was causing reconcilation to fail. AFAIR the other one was `Consensus Manager`.

### Operations

> Currently, a simple parser is used to extract operations from given instructions (endpoints: `/mempool/transaction` and `/construction/parse`). This parser supports basic instructions.

Author: Done

While it is possible to use transaction previews, receipts, and balance change summaries to extract operations, this approach is deemed too resource-heavy:
- `/mempool/transaction`: Not crucial given Radix's short finality time.

> - `/construction/parse`: Used only for sanity checks.

Author: Done

## Configuration

```plaintext
api.mesh.enabled=<false by default>
api.engine_state.port=<3337 by default>

> api.engine_state.bind_address=<127.0.0.1 by default>

Author: Right, silly me 🤦

> db.historical_substate_values.enable=<false by default>

Author: Done

### Operations

Currently, a very specific parser is used to extract operations from given instructions (endpoints: `/mempool/transaction` and `/construction/parse`).
It works only with the instructions constructed by Mesh.
`Withdraw` and `Deposit` are the direct result of the instructions being used, while a `FeePayment` is added at commit time.

Technically, it would be possible to use transaction previews, receipts, and balance change summaries to extract operations.
But we don't do it for following reasons:

> - both endpoint methods should wotrk offline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- both endpoint methods should work offline
```

Author: Done

- both endpoint methods should be static (not affected by current state of the network)
- this approach is deemed too resource-heavy

## Configuration

### Server settings

> There are 3 settings to configure Mesh API server, which allow to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 3 configuration settings for a node's Mesh API server, which can:
```

Author: Done

- enable/disable Mesh API server launch (disabled by default),
- override the default port (3337),
- override the default bind address (127.0.0.1).

#### Node running bare-metal
```plaintext
api.mesh.enabled=<true/false>
api.mesh.port=<port number>
api.mesh.bind_address=<ip address>
```

> #### Node running in a Docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Node running in Docker
```

Author: Done
